Established in 2008 , with 6 students , TPS is known to be technologically advance ( Wi-fi School) , where “learning is fun” is practiced in day to day life. Approved by State Government ( UDISE – 27091015111) , it is a CBSE pattern school which is managed by UNIQUE EDUCATION SOCIETY , a public trust registered with Government of India, through charity commission office at Nagpur and Mumbai.

The trust is initiated by people who are in to IT training from 2000 and partner with Oracle , Microsoft , Pearson , ETS , Redhat one of the biggest name in IT lead education at the global level. The first firm of the group M/s Unisoft Technologies is one of the most preferred firms for delivering high end IT training at the national level.

The genesis of UES make into being for two causes:
1. To establish an IT enabled full Service School
2. To help other nearby schools by providing services in the area of IT, thus to improve overall quality of education.

UES has various School management software products and plethora of learning data bank which is offered to these school , so that the benefits of the modern technology can reach to remote schools. UES chairperson Mr. Jeevan Singh Thakur is one most known name in color photo printing industry at the national and international level. In his words UES is his way of sharing his knowledge with the society . Vice Chairperson Mrs. Suman Sinha has worked for 35 years with UP education department in various capacities. In her words at UES her journey for spreading early education is continuing even after her superannuation for her government job. The younger team at UES is managed by Mr. Atmesh Sinha and Mrs. Pratigya Thakur . Beside them , there are other members who are drawn from various facet of society to have creditable team for the cause.

The significant members of trust are :
1.Mr. Waman Patle , Tumsar
2.Mrs. Trishla Suryawanshi ,Nagpur
​3.Mr. Shivan Miglani, Noida
​4.Mr. Sanjay Tiwari , Jaipur & Kota
​5.Mr. Arvind Nath Sinha , Noida & Lucknow
​6.Mr. Anup Singh, Kolkatta & Ahemdabad